Update the procedure of publishing the GitHub release page (#23)
cybozu-go/moco-agent: RELEASE.md

Publish GitHub release page
---------------------------

There is nothing to do.

> If the release CI is successful, the GitHub release page will be automatically published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the release CI is successful, the tagged version will be automatically released at the [GitHub release page](https://github.com/cybozu-go/moco-agent/releases).
```

> Please check the release page. https://github.com/cybozu-go/moco-agent/releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
